Fix #1633: Remove SyncTask (#1634)
wultra/enrollment-server: docs/onboarding/PowerAuth-Enrollment-Onboarding-Server-2.0.0.md

Removed the property `enrollment-server-onboarding.identity-verification.data-retention` (default 1 hour). It controlled how long records were kept 
in the `es_document_data` and `es_processed_document_data` tables based on `timestamp_created`. This setting was independent of process expiration.
The retention time is now controlled by the property `enrollment-server-onboarding.onboarding-process.expiration` (default 3 hours).

## Configuration Changes

### Document Verification

> Async processing of documents has not yet been used, so the following configuration properties were removed:

Author: ```suggestion
Async processing of documents has never been used, so the following configuration properties were removed:
```
